This document is the Charter of the Vendor Management Committee, approved on March 14, 2024. It outlines the committee's purpose, composition, and responsibilities. CHARTER OF VENDOR MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE Document Classification is INTERNAL, which means this document contains general information for internal Bank and relevant third parties, but is prohibited from being disclosed to the public. Other classifications include RESTRICTED, for documents with personal data; CONFIDENTIAL, for documents with sensitive information for limited distribution; and PUBLIC, for information approved by the Board of Directors for public consumption. APPROVAL SHEET 1 Proposed by Deasi Arindani, Third Party Assessment & Procurement Policy Specialist, on March 14, 2024. Reviewed by Tommy Pinontoan, Head of Procurement, on March 14, 2024. APPROVAL SHEET 2 Approved by the Board of Directors. A Board of Directors signature is not needed if this document has been tabled and approved in the Board of Directors Meeting. The Board of Directors Meeting Number was #3/2024, and the meeting date was March 14, 2024. The document was approved by: Tigor M. Siahaan, President Director; Melisa Hendrawati, Finance Director; Bhavana Balramdas Vatvani, Operational Director; Amalia Pratantara, Compliance Director (on April 1, 2024); and Itjang Wibisono, Business Director. APPROVAL SHEET 3 This approval sheet is specific for documents requiring approval from the Board of Commissioners. A Board of Commissioners signature is not needed if this document has been tabled and approved in the Board of Commissioners Meeting. The Board of Commissioners includes: Anton H. Gunawan, President Commissioner/Independent Commissioner; Neneng M. Goenadi, Commissioner; and Zanuba Ariffah Ch. R. (Yenny Wahid), Independent Commissioner. I. Background As PT Super Bank Indonesia starts to engage vendors, there is a need to ensure vendor selection and appointment have gone through an adequate due diligence process and are officially signed off before the contracting process begins, in line with Good Corporate Governance. II. Purpose and Objective The Vendor Management Committee is established

Board of Commissioners signature is not needed if this document has been tabled and approved in the Board of Commissioners Meeting. The Board of Commissioners includes: Anton H. Gunawan, President Commissioner/Independent Commissioner; Neneng M. Goenadi, Commissioner; and Zanuba Ariffah Ch. R. (Yenny Wahid), Independent Commissioner. I. Background As PT Super Bank Indonesia starts to engage vendors, there is a need to ensure vendor selection and appointment have gone through an adequate due diligence process and are officially signed off before the contracting process begins, in line with Good Corporate Governance. II. Purpose and Objective The Vendor Management Committee is established to ensure the following: a. Vendor Relationship The committee will discuss and review potential and strategic vendors. It will approve the appointment of vendors in a Tender or Waiver of Competition (WOC) process, subject to scoring criteria and procurement policy. Contracts with a total value amounting to more than IDR 3.5 billion must be approved by the Vendor Management Committee. The committee is also responsible for reviewing and making decisions regarding the appointment of affiliates, related parties, and supporting service professions such as notaries and legal consultants. Furthermore, it will review and acknowledge third-party management reports, such as supplier risk assessments and supplier performance reviews. It will periodically review the results of third-party supplier risk assessments with overall high and medium risk ratings, including any deviations. b. Vendor Outsourcing The committee will review the outsourcing framework, strategies, policies, contingency plans, and provide onward endorsement to the Board of Directors. It will also review and approve outsourcing notifications and incident reports to the Regulator for any reportable security breaches. All contracts greater than IDR 3.5 billion (per work order) must be approved by the Vendor Management Committee. Contract owners must get a sign-off before proceeding with contractual and further commercial negotiations with the Procurement team, providing initial high-level cost estimates. Refer to the Procurement Policy for more details. This committee is not intended for discussing Request For

b. Vendor Outsourcing The committee will review the outsourcing framework, strategies, policies, contingency plans, and provide onward endorsement to the Board of Directors. It will also review and approve outsourcing notifications and incident reports to the Regulator for any reportable security breaches. All contracts greater than IDR 3.5 billion (per work order) must be approved by the Vendor Management Committee. Contract owners must get a sign-off before proceeding with contractual and further commercial negotiations with the Procurement team, providing initial high-level cost estimates. Refer to the Procurement Policy for more details. This committee is not intended for discussing Request For Quotation drafts. It is a decision-making body, and requestors must come prepared with supporting documents to seek approval for a vendor recommendation. III. Composition, Structure, and Membership of Vendor Management Committee A minimum of 5 committee members must be present to form a quorum, including the contract owner. The members are: Finance Director (The Chair) Compliance Director Operation Director Chief Business Officer Chief Product Officer Chief Technology Officer Chief Risk Officer Chief Human Resources Officer Head of Procurement (Secretary) Other invitees may be requested to join meetings for matters requiring their expertise, including but not limited to: PMO (Project Management Office), BPS (Business Performance and Strategy), TPM (Technical Program Manager), Information Security, Infra and Ops, Legal, and Internal Audit. IV. Roles and Responsibilities The Committee is authorized by the Bank's Board of Directors to oversee and manage all activities set out in this Charter. The Committee will investigate any matter within its charter and make recommendations as it deems appropriate. 4.1 Requestor/Business Owner The requestor or business owner is the person who identifies business/operation needs and initiates the request for procurement. Their responsibilities are to: Provide all necessary operational and technical requirements and specifications, and agree on evaluation criteria with the Procurement team before issuing any briefs or tenders externally. Note that the Request For Quotation issuance will be done by Procurement. Ensure that budgets are available and approved

Bank's Board of Directors to oversee and manage all activities set out in this Charter. The Committee will investigate any matter within its charter and make recommendations as it deems appropriate. 4.1 Requestor/Business Owner The requestor or business owner is the person who identifies business/operation needs and initiates the request for procurement. Their responsibilities are to: Provide all necessary operational and technical requirements and specifications, and agree on evaluation criteria with the Procurement team before issuing any briefs or tenders externally. Note that the Request For Quotation issuance will be done by Procurement. Ensure that budgets are available and approved for use before starting the sourcing process. Partner with Procurement in vendor discussions, communicate with suppliers as needed, and be clear with the agenda to gain information for evaluating vendor suitability. Be responsible for working with relevant Subject Matter Experts to initiate and complete all relevant risk/vendor assessments and contracting. Proactively update the project tender status together with the Procurement team and Project Management Office (PMO). Be responsible for the day-to-day operational management of vendor performance and promptly escalate issues or conflicts to the Procurement team or other departments as needed. 4.2 Procurement (Head of Procurement and Team) Procurement's responsibilities include: Governance and implementation of process policies and procedures regarding procurement. Partnering closely with the requestor/business owner to drive value creation from the external supply base. Activities include managing the end-to-end procurement process according to the procurement policy, which covers commercial and contractual negotiation with vendors. Ensuring all vendor assessments run by respective stakeholders and selection recommendations are reviewed and supported before submission to the Vendor Management Committee. After approval by the VMC, working with the requestor/business owner to negotiate further with vendors to optimize for the best pricing and leverage discounts where possible. Advising on the commercial components of the contract, including change requests or renewals. Managing the Supplier Base through Vendor Relationship Management, with support from the requestor/business owner in supplier performance management and governance of the Preferred Supplier

procurement process according to the procurement policy, which covers commercial and contractual negotiation with vendors. Ensuring all vendor assessments run by respective stakeholders and selection recommendations are reviewed and supported before submission to the Vendor Management Committee. After approval by the VMC, working with the requestor/business owner to negotiate further with vendors to optimize for the best pricing and leverage discounts where possible. Advising on the commercial components of the contract, including change requests or renewals. Managing the Supplier Base through Vendor Relationship Management, with support from the requestor/business owner in supplier performance management and governance of the Preferred Supplier List & Black List. 4.3 Legal (Head of Legal and Team) Legal's responsibilities are: Working closely with the requestor and providing legal advisory on contract drafting to ensure the legality and enforceability of the contract to protect the Bank's legal rights and interests, especially regarding Language, Governing Laws, Intellectual Property Rights, Assignment, and Taxes. Ensuring that appropriate standard legal clauses and any other clauses required by the requestor or other relevant functions are captured in the contract. 4.4 Project Management Office (PMO) The PMO will manage the overall process to ensure timely delivery of contracts by set deadlines, help coordinate with stakeholders, get status updates, and highlight any issues, blockers, and dependencies. 4.5 Other Subject Matter Experts They act as advisors for their respective areas, not limited to outsourcing, data sharing, and vendor security. V. Committee Meeting, Quorum, and Decision Making The Committee shall meet at least once a month. The Chair, the Secretary, or at least two other members can call a meeting. 5.1 Attendance To form a quorum, a minimum of 5 committee members must be present, including the Chair (Finance Director). If the Chair is absent, the members shall appoint another member to chair the meeting. Members may designate a representative with sufficient seniority and relevant expertise as an alternate. Members can participate via video conferencing or other communication equipment that allows them to speak and hear each

and vendor security. V. Committee Meeting, Quorum, and Decision Making The Committee shall meet at least once a month. The Chair, the Secretary, or at least two other members can call a meeting. 5.1 Attendance To form a quorum, a minimum of 5 committee members must be present, including the Chair (Finance Director). If the Chair is absent, the members shall appoint another member to chair the meeting. Members may designate a representative with sufficient seniority and relevant expertise as an alternate. Members can participate via video conferencing or other communication equipment that allows them to speak and hear each other, and they are entitled to vote and be counted in the quorum. The meeting agenda is set by the Chair and will include reasonable recommendations from members. The Committee must maintain records of all its meetings, and the Chair shall report regularly to the Board of Directors on the Committee's actions, recommendations, and findings. 5.2 Vote All decisions shall be made by a majority (>50%) of attending members. Decisions can be made at a convened meeting or via electronic circulation to all members. A member with a material interest in a matter, which may conflict with the Bank's interests, shall not take part in the consideration of that matter. The Committee may invite other parties to its meetings as it deems appropriate. VI. Working Evaluation Mechanism The Head of Procurement, or a person nominated by the Committee, will be the Secretary. The Secretary will convene and attend meetings, sending invitations to members and invitees. The Secretary prepares the agenda based on the priority of discussion items. The requestor/business owner can contact the Secretary to add agenda items and must provide necessary documentation. The meeting agenda and supporting documents shall be circulated before the meeting. If a requestor needs to add a topic to the agenda, they must inform the Secretariat no later than 1 day before the meeting. The Secretariat will circulate the meeting minutes to all attendees within 3 days of the meeting and is responsible for their proper maintenance. The minutes

will convene and attend meetings, sending invitations to members and invitees. The Secretary prepares the agenda based on the priority of discussion items. The requestor/business owner can contact the Secretary to add agenda items and must provide necessary documentation. The meeting agenda and supporting documents shall be circulated before the meeting. If a requestor needs to add a topic to the agenda, they must inform the Secretariat no later than 1 day before the meeting. The Secretariat will circulate the meeting minutes to all attendees within 3 days of the meeting and is responsible for their proper maintenance. The minutes are considered final if no comments are received within 2 days after they are sent. VII. Review Period The Committee shall review and reassess this Charter document annually, or when triggered by a significant event, and propose any recommended changes to the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may amend this Charter from time to time. VIII. Closing Any matters not stipulated in this decision shall be regulated later. With the approval of this Charter, any previously issued Charters are declared null and void. This Charter was approved by the Company's Board of Directors at meeting #2/2024 on March 14, 2024, to be implemented, reviewed, and improved regularly according to the Company's needs. Jakarta, March 14, 2024. The Board of Directors of PT Super Bank Indonesia.

